Update cache-how-to-import-export-data.md (#96077)
Azure/azure-content: articles/azure-cache-for-redis/cache-how-to-import-export-data.md

### I got an error when exporting my data to Azure Blob Storage. What happened?

> Export works only with RDB files stored as page blobs. Other blob types aren't currently supported, including Blob storage accounts with hot and cool tiers. For more information, see [Azure storage account overview](../storage/common/storage-account-overview.md). If you are using access key to authenticate to storage account, having firewall exceptions on the storage account may tend to fail the process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Export works only with RDB files stored as page blobs. Other blob types aren't currently supported, including Blob storage accounts with hot and cool tiers. For more information, see [Azure storage account overview](../storage/common/storage-account-overview.md). If you are using an access key to authenticate to storage account, having firewall exceptions on the storage account tends to fail the process.
```

Which process are we refering to, @Amrinder-Singh29 ? The import/export process?

Author: Yes. The process on this page refers to Import/Export one. The changes have already been proposed on the persistence related page separately as well

> Export works only with RDB files stored as page blobs. Other blob types aren't currently supported, including Blob storage accounts with hot and cool tiers. For more information, see [Azure storage account overview](../storage/common/storage-account-overview.md). If you are using an access key to authenticate to storage account, having firewall exceptions on the storage account tends to fail the process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Export works only with RDB files stored as page blobs. Other blob types aren't currently supported, including Blob storage accounts with hot and cool tiers. For more information, see [Azure storage account overview](../storage/common/storage-account-overview.md). If you are using an access key to authenticate to a storage account, having firewall exceptions on the storage account tends to fail the process.
```
